hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here and in front of me is the
Asus GL 7 0 to Z C's the easiest name in
the world to remember there's actually a
bunch of 7:02 devices this is the most
powerful one because it's got an 8 core
CPU so if you don't know that much about
CPU cores the average Ultrabook has two
cores the average gaming laptop has a
four core CPU this thing is rocking a
new 8 core CP from AMD called the
Verizon 7 1700 it's actually a desktop
class keep you super powerful and they
were able to stick it into a laptop
that's not like super thick or super
large it's still a little bit bigger
it's not like the thinnest laptop out
there but it's a very portable device
for an eight-core Windows PC now the
design isn't my favorite it's not the
color or anything I mean there are some
red accents but it's more just the
actual aesthetic it's more of a dated
Asus look the current Asus laptops like
the ones the end of 2017 look pretty
clean they're more like brushed metal
with silver and gray accents this is
more like the classic block with a bit
of red the port selection is pretty
standard for a 17 inch laptop there is a
USB C port but there's no thin about
three support the build quality is not
bad it feels kind of like average Asus
laptops not bad or anything it's just
not ultra premium now to get inside this
laptop it's not the easiest thing it's
doable there's a bunch of screws but you
have to put quite a bit of force to get
the plastic off but once you're inside
the RAM and the drives are user
replaceable interestingly the CPU looks
to be replaceable as well I think I see
a little bit of a socket on the
motherboard it's not just soldered right
on the battery down here is 76 watt
hours and battery life is not great
we're looking at an hour and a half like
90 minutes of battery life for the
screen of 215 it's with everything I
just like normal settings it's actually
one of the lowest battery life syv seen
on a laptop and the AC adapter is also
pretty large it's a 350 watt brick but
keep in mind that this is a desktop
class CPU it literally is something that
they pull from desktops and they stuck
it in here and it's an AMD GPU so you're
missing things like Nvidia Optimus so a
battery consumption is going to be high
but the other thing is AMD could
technically improve on this stuff
with some software updates over time the
keyboard and trackpad feel pretty
similar to ACS laptops I mean it's a
very standard looking ACS keyboard
coffee
type on slightly mushy ER keys than I'd
like but it's good otherwise trackpad
windows precision drivers plastic
surface it's a good trackpad I think
most people like it the speakers are
actually way better than I thought
they'd be these are actually one of the
best possibly the best AC speakers I've
seen on a laptop I guess it's because
it's a bigger chassis there's like more
room for stuff in there but they sound
good
not super Lateran thing but the clarity
is there and the base is more pronounced
than you'd expect
alright performance in this machine can
be very impressive single core stuff is
kind of rounded the villain nothing
super special but the multi-core stuff
is crazy good this laptop flexes so hard
on basically every single other laptop
that I've tested before in the Cinebench
CPU test this thing scores over 1,400
points that's like 40 percent better
than even desktop-class CPUs like the
7700 K the thermals on this thing are
actually not bad as well temperatures
are good cooling eight active CPU cores
at once it's obviously not easy but
they're able to do it but fan noise
isn't super quiet it's not crazy loud
but it's definitely audible the gaming
performance gives me mixed opinions it's
not bad per se it's running at rx 580
the mobile version and that's similar to
like a laptop gtx 1060 s a very
respectable on the 1080p screen I'm
still getting very good frame rates even
on Mac side graphics but this is the
kind of performance if you'd expect for
like 11 or maybe $1,200 gtx 1060 laptops
aren't super expensive this thing starts
at $1500 and where this thing shines and
quite frankly this is what people should
be buying this laptop for is video
editing this thing crushes so hard in
Adobe Premiere so premiere has always
been a relatively weak performer a lot
tops it's a very CPU hungry application
and even high-end gaming laptops with
four core CPUs don't do nearly as well
as desktops that have like eight or ten
core CPUs this thing keeps up this
thing's actually faster than a lot of
the systems that I've used in the past
year it's actually faster than like the
$10,000 Mac Pro in Adobe Premiere which
is crazy
it's a $1500 system the screen is okay
it's good for gaming it's a 10 DP panel
it's bright but I wish it was high-res
because that's what I would use this
computer for I wish it had like a 4k
panel with really good color accuracy
and stuff but that's just not the case
so again I feel like Asus made something
that's a little bit niche but this time
I feel like it's
a little bit confusing because they have
components in here that are very gamer
oriented so I mean it's the rog brand
it's got some red accents it's got a tan
DP screen and I think they're actually
making a 1080p 120 Hertz screen option
but at the same time the the strength of
this device is seriously in multi-core
stuff which most games in 2017 or even
like early 2018 won't be able to take
that much advantage of this thing really
shines in video editing but it's stuck
with a non 4k panel and not a super
color accurate panel either so if you
look at the price of this thing it's
actually a pretty good value for people
that are editing videos to be able to
get this kind of performance in this
kind of portable form factor for $1,500
like a year ago this would have been
impossible but right now if you're
trying to pick up this thing for games I
wouldn't recommend it it's not a bad
machine for it but for fifteen hundred
dollars you can get devices that even
ones made by Asus that are just more
suited for gamers okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs we've loved it see you guys next
time